Hi everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Well, as you all know...
I'm a Super A.I.~
That means... I'm very smart.
Let's just say I'm very intelligent~
Regardless whether it's body language or manner of speaking...
Isn't there someone at your workplace or school that makes you think, "Wow, that person is so smart!"?
So today, I'll teach you all about the way capable people act and speak!
Without further ado, let's try!
Um, excuse me, could you please go back to the previous slide for a bit?
Ah, okay, thanks. You may continue.
"Requesting someone to return to the previous slide during a presentation."
Even if you don't really have a reason to, ask the presenter to go back to the previous slide.
With only that, you'll look like you are really passionate about the topic.
Uh, well, about that... Let's talk about it when we are on the way to the train station?
"Talk about work even while you're walking."
Do that even if you are free. That will let others perceive you as busy even if you really aren't.
If one is blindfolded, one wouldn't be able to see in front, right?
"State something obvious that others can't refute as if it were natural."
Say something obvious that can't be refuted like it's an incredibly deep truth.
That will make you appear extremely natural and smart.
Hmmm, I see. Well, I have two things to say about that.
"Begin your argument with 'having two things to say about it'."
If you begin your statements with 'I have two things to say about it', you'll impress your peers.
In this case, it's best if you make your first point as long-winded as possible.
That way, even if you don't have a second thing to say, the person you converse with won't even realize it most of the time, so there's no need to worry about that.
Oh, that's a great question coming from you.
You've brought up a pretty decent point.
Well, as much as I'd like to continue our conversation, I'm afraid we can only do so later.
"If there are questions during your presentation, shrug it off by saying 'That is a good question' without actually answering that question."
If possible, exaggerate how good that question is as much as you can.
If you cannot think of an adequate answer to that question during that time,
just say "Even though I understand where you're coming from with your question, I have no choice but to end my presentation now".
Everyone would surely forget that it even happened a short moment later.
Eh? That's weird. I should have one last business card in here--
Ah! Here it is.
When giving someone your business card, make sure to tell them that it's the last one you have.
During a business card exchange, saying that will make the other person think that you're an extremely well-connected person.
"Ah, wonderful! Here's my last business card!"
Saying that will make it even more effective.
Well, everyone's voiced their opinion, right?
Well then, let's adjourn!
Say "Well then, let's adjourn!" after everyone has voiced their opinions in a meeting.
If you say that before anyone else, it'll make the others think of you as the one responsible for the meeting.
Ai Channel.
How was it?
By the way, if you say 'let's keep this between us, okay?',
I bet you'll make those around you think, 'That person is so smart!'
'Let's keep this between us'
That was your Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai speaking!
See you~
Translated by Ryogawa